Aoi, it must be frustrating when a message is read but ignored.
Do you have any idea why you have not received a reply?
Kasumi always replies, so I was wondering why.
I’m sure it’s because of the video I sent Kasumi, but...
Kasumi, what did you think
when you saw your video that was revised by Aoi?
I thought that was not my intention.
I know Aoi did it to make it more interesting...
But that’s why I’m feeling a bit uneasy.
You both have your own intentions, but they were misaligned.
Now let me explain what the problem is.
Do you know what moral rights are?
Moral rights? No. I am not sure.
As I recall, it’s about copyright.
Yes. Copyrights are broadly classified
into moral rights and economic rights.
Copyrights include, for example, the reproduction right,
a well-known right not to be copied without permission.
Apart from economic rights,
copyright includes personal rights that protect the author.
These are called moral rights.
Protecting the personal aspect? That sounds a little abstract.
This time, Aoi modified the video made by Kasumi.
Aoi revised it with good intentions.
Yes. I thought it would be more popular.
But...I don’t know if I went too far.
That was not good.
A video contains the thoughts and feelings of the person
who created it.
Moral rights protect such aspects of the author’s personality.
This time, Aoi took the liberty of modifying Kasumi’s video!
But it is an act that violates the integrity right.
The integrity right is the right not to have work altered
without permission.
Indeed. I think the reason I felt uneasy was
because I saw the video had been edited
without my permission and I felt like my feelings
about the video were being denied.
In this case, the communication is only between individuals.
Still, it does not change that you have infringed the integrity right.
Please be careful not to do such things in the future!
Yes, I understand. I’m sorry, Kasumi.
Yeah, I’m also sorry I didn’t reply to your message.
Copyrights are assignable, but moral rights are not.
Moral rights are rights granted only to authors.
Do not engage in acts that infringe on the author’s
moral rights when using copyrighted works.
We need to be very careful.
What other rights do moral rights include?
There are publication and attribution rights.
A publication right is the right not to have a copyrighted work
published without permission.
An attribution right is the right to decide whether or not
the copyrighted work is attributed to the author.
I see. Only the author has the right to decide when and how to publish.
It’s a personal right.
Yes. Kasumi has not yet published this work,
so if Aoi had published it anywhere without permission,
it would also have violated the publication right.
Oh no.
I don’t think I’d publish it without permission from Kasumi!
But nowadays, it can be uploaded immediately
on social media so I should be careful.
Yes, I agree. Because social media is so easy to use,
people tend to be less aware of the importance. Please be careful.
Now, next is the attribution right.
For example, when you publish your work, you might want to use
your real name as the author, or to use a pen name,
and there are those who do not want their names to be mentioned.
What name did you want to use to publish this video, Kasumi?
I am going to use “Kasumin” in Katakana just like before.
Yes. The attribution right is the right that allows you
to display the author’s name as you like.
I see.
And one last point. The Copyright Law also provides
provisions regarding infringement and says:
“The exploitation of a work in a way that is prejudicial to the honor
or reputation of the author is deemed to constitute an infringement
of the author’s moral rights.”
This violates the “right to preserve author’s honor and reputation.”
What are some examples of acts that violate your honor?
Yes. There is an example of a portrait drawn by a manga artist
at a client’s request being used in a way that the artist did not intend,
as a person who agrees with the client’s political or ideological beliefs.
The court found this as an infringement of the right to maintain
the author’s honor or reputation,
as something that harms the honor or reputation of the author.
As such, you must not use the work in a way that goes against
the author’s intentions.
This moral right aims to protect the author’s personality
or spiritual aspect.
This time, I was wrong because I altered the work
without Kasumi’s - the author’s permission.
That’s the thing, though, when I think about it calmly,
it’s not what I intended.
The video that Aoi corrected was interesting, too.
Shall I upload both and see how my followers react?
Really? Are you sure?
If I, the author, am okay with it, then there is no problem, right?
Yes, you may modify or alter the contents of the video
with the author’s permission.
I won’t go into detail here, but if you are concerned about rights,
consider the right to create derivative works of copyrighted works.
Yes, I understand!